[Music]
top brands have lots of copycats and
sometimes fakes are made so well you're
almost unable to recognize them to avoid
wasting money on nonsense you should
examine the gadgets carefully before
buying them even if a Salesman pushes
you to make a quick purchase take your
time and pay attention to the smallest
details today we've got six useful tips
to help you recognize fake gadgets first
check the packaging manufacturers of
counterfeit products often neglect
package design and the official retailer
always takes care of even with slightest
details of design and packaging of their
own good therefore before buying a new
gadget take a close look at its package
paying attention to the print quality
the font should be legible and
consistent everywhere nothing should be
loose inside manufacturers always fix
their goods well so that nothing gets
damaged during transportation
even the seams and corners of the
packaging film should be impeccable
[Music]
secondly look inside the user manual the
user manual is the passport of any
gadget all important information about
the device must be there in the language
of the country of purchase if it's
written in some other language and you
can't read it then it's either a smuggle
device or a brand copycat
also pay attention to the material and
even stereo-b it plastic rubber or
aluminum can be high or low quality
famous brands don't save on materials
the plastic covering must be smooth
without seams or other imperfections
take a closer look at the gadget to
uncover cheap plastic with matte shades
and irregular surfaces in addition don't
forget to take a look at the font a logo
is the face of any brand and it deserves
special attention
if always made so is not to be tampered
with even after years of use the logo
will be easily recognizable all fonts
and symbols on the device must be smooth
readable and durable it's often the case
of fakes that they lack the name of the
manufacturer or they have it somehow
wrong here is a fifth tip check the
charger the charger should be adapted
for use in your country if you live in
Europe there should be a special block
for European sockets if a salesman asks
you to buy an adapter even a separate
charger that's a warning sign brand
chargers won't have seams between
plastic parts of different colors which
can't be said of fake remember brands
are responsible for your safety when
using their gadgets that's why originals
always have nice metal tips and quality
insulation and finishes and finally take
a closer look at wires and plugs wire
quality is one of the most obvious kinds
of a counterfeit product in the original
a plug-in cable will sit firmly and
evenly on a fake you'll see incorrect
angles and loose parts sometimes the
length of a plug doesn't coincide with
the depth of the socket also pay
attention to the quality of the
insulation and the symbols on it the
wire should be flexible and even
coloured while the marking mustn't be
erasable
have you ever bought anything gadgets do
you know other ways to recognize them
share your experience with us in the
comments below and don't forget to click
subscribe and hit that thumbs up button
if our video is beneficial to you
[Music]